---
title: "Make Sure the Developer Hub is Enabled in Your PBO"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/log-in-to-your-developer-hub/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2019-05-29
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Log in to your Partner Business Org (PBO)
* Make sure that the Dev Hub feature is enabled in your PBO
* Make sure that My Domain is enabled and deployed in your PBO
* Learn about the SLAF (Salesforce Limited Access Free) user license

## Log in to your Partner Business Org (PBO)
**NOTE:** If you do not have access to your company's PBO, you can use a __new__ trial or DE org as your Dev Hub instead of your PBO. If you go this route, remember that you'll be limited to 3/6 active/daily scratch orgs. 
{: .notice--warning}

Using your web browser, log into your Partner Business Org.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_login-to-your-dev-hub.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Make sure that the Dev Hub feature is enabled in your PBO
Once logged into your PBO, validate that the Developer Hub is enabled by following these steps

1. Type "dev" in the Quick Find search in setup and open the **Dev Hub** setup page.
2. Make sure that "Enable Dev Hub" is set to **Enabled**
3. Make sure that "Enable Unlocked Packages (GA) and Second-Generation Managed Packages" is set to **Enabled**

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_check-dev-is-hub-enabled.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Make sure that My Domain is enabled and deployed to users in your PBO
Special Dev Hub features, like the Namespace Registry, require you to have My Domain enabled and deployed to users in your org.  

1. Type "my do" in the Quick Find search in setup and open the **My Domain** setup page.
2. Your domain name should be visible in the "My Domain Settings" section and you **should not** see anything that says "Deploy to Users"

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_verify_my_domain_enabled_and_deployed.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Learn about the SLAF (Salesforce Limited Access Free) user license
**NOTE:** If you are not using a Partner Business Org (PBO) as your Dev Hub, skip this step. 
{: .notice--warning}

One of the benefits to Partners of using the Dev Hub in a Partner Business Org (PBO) is the presence of 100 "Salesforce Limited Access Free" (or "SLAF") licenses.  

Follow these steps to see if your PBO has them.

1. Type "company in" in the Quick Find search in setup and open the **Company Information** setup page.
2. Under the **User Licenses** section, check if you have the "Salesforce Limited Access - Free" licenses.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_check-for-slaf-licenses.png" alt="" caption="" %}