---
title: "Register Your Packaging Org's Namespace"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/register-packaging-org-namespace/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2019-05-29
toc: false
classes: wide
---

In this exercise, you will...

* Navigate to the "Namespace Registries" object home page
* Start the Namespace linking process by using the "Link Namespace" button
* Authenticate to your Packaging Org
* Grant OAuth access to the Salesforce Dx Namespace Registry
* Change your list view to "All Namespace Registries" to confirm a successful link

## Navigate to the "Namespace Registries" object home page
**Note:** Unlike the Environment Hub in Classic Salesforce orgs, there's no "Developer Hub" app that becomes available once you enable the Dev Hub feature in an org.  You will need to navigate directly to the Object Home page for certain Salesforce DX features, like the Namespace Registry.
{: .notice--warning}

1. Open the App Launcher by clicking the "waffle" icon in the top left of the page.
2. Type "namespace" in the App Launcher's search box.
3. Click on the **Namespace Registries** object under "All Items".

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_open-namespace-registries-object-home.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Start the Namespace linking process by using the "Link Namespace" button
Linking a namespace to a Developer Hub allows you to create "namespaced" scratch orgs, something that we'll be doing in a later unit.

1. Make sure you're on the **Namespace Registries** Object Home page.
2. Click the **Link Namespace** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_click-the-link-namespace-button.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Authenticate to your Packaging Org
After clicking the **Link Namespace** button, a Salesforce login window will pop up, kicking off an OAuth flow between your Dev Hub and your packaging org.

1. Provide the username and password of your packaging org.
2. Click the **Log In** button to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_authenticate-to-your-packaging-org.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Grant OAuth access to the Salesforce Dx Namespace Registry

1. You'll be asked to allow the **SalesforceDX Namespace Registry** to access your packaging org.
2. Click **Allow** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_grant-oauth-access-to-sfdx-namespace-registry.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Change your list view to "All Namespace Registries" to confirm a successful link
Once the OAuth flow is complete, you can verify that the connection was made by taking the following actions.

1. Open the list view drop down.
2. Click on the **All Namespace Registries** list view.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_change-listview-to-all-namespace-registries.png" alt="" caption="" %}

1. Verify that your expected namespace appears in this list.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U01_validate-successful-namespace-link.png" alt="" caption="" %}
