---
title: "Create a Salesforce DX Project"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/create-salesforce-dx-project/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2019-05-29
toc: false
classes: wide
---

In this exercise, you will...

* Create a directory to hold our Salesforce DX projects
* Use the Salesforce CLI to create a new Salesforce DX project
* Enter the Salesforce DX project folder to see what files were created

## Create a directory to hold our Salesforce DX projects
It's often a good idea to have a directory on your computer where you can organize all of your Salesforce DX projects.  

For that reason, we'll start by creating a special `sfdx-workshop` directory in your computer's "home" directory.

**Note for Windows Users:** The examples in this exercise use the `~` symbol as a shorthand for the `/Users/username/` home directory on MacOS and Linux systems.  If you are a Windows user using **PowerShell**, this command should work.  Otherwise, you can substitute `%userprofile%/` for `~/` in the following commands.
{: .notice--warning}


**Execute this command (1 of 2):**
```bash
mkdir ~/sfdx-workshop
```

**Then execute this command (2 of 2):**
```bash
cd ~/sfdx-workshop
```
**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_shell-mkdir-and-cd-to-sfdx-workshop.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Use the Salesforce CLI to create a new Salesforce DX project
A Salesforce DX project is just a collection of files and directories kept locally, on your computer.  By using the `force:project:create` command, you can get the Salesforce CLI to create boilerplate versions of these files for you.

**Execute this command to create an empty Salesforce DX project:**
```bash
sfdx force:project:create -n my-managed-package
```

| Salesforce DX Command / Flags   | Description                                             |
| --------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------|
| `force:project:create`          | Creates a Salesforce DX project in the specified directory or the current working directory. The command creates the necessary configuration files and folders. |
| `-n (--projectname)`            | The name for the new project. Any valid folder name is accepted. |

**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_cli-force-project-create-result.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Enter the Salesforce DX project folder to see what files were created
Change into the `my-managed-package` directory so you can list the files and directories that were just created by the Salesforce CLI.

**Execute this command (1 of 2):**
```bash
cd my-managed-package
```

**Then execute this command (2 of 2):**

**Note for Windows Users:** You can use `dir` instead of `ls -l`
{: .notice--warning}

```bash
ls -l
```
**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_shell-cd-and-ls-in-my-managed-package.png" alt="" caption="" %}

<!-- 
TODO: One or two sentences to help transition to the next activity.  Maybe a table that explains what each file/folder is and does.
-->
