---
title: "Open Your Salesforce DX Project in VS Code"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/open-sfdx-project-in-vs-code/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2019-05-29
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**Visual Studio Code**, or **VS Code** as it's often called, is a lightweight, extensible, open source code editor primarily supported by Microsoft.  Salesforce has created a set of **Extensions for VS Code** that make it possible to develop against Salesforce orgs using Salesforce DX.

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Launch Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
* Make sure you've installed the Salesforce Extensions for VS Code
* Open your Salesforce DX project folder in VS Code

## Launch Visual Studio Code (VS Code)

Find and open the **Visual Studio Code** app on your computer.  When you do, you should see something very similar to the screen below.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-launch-vscode.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Make sure you've installed the Salesforce Extensions for VS Code
You'll want to make sure that you've installed the **Salesforce Extensions for VS Code**.  To do this, follow these steps in the VS Code application window.

1. Click on the **Extensions** icon.  That should open a list of **Enabled Extensions**
2. Search the list of Enabled Extensions for one named **Salesforce Extensions for VS Code** and click on it
3. In the page that opens up on the right side of VS Code, you'll see details about the extension

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-confirm-salesforce-extensions-are-installed.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Open your Salesforce DX project folder in VS Code
VS Code works by opening folders on your computer and treating the contents as a self-contained project.  Open your `my-managed-package` project by following these steps.

1. Click on the **Explorer** icon at the top left of the screen.
2. Click on the **Open Folder** button.
3. In the window that pops up, find the `my-managed-package` folder. It should be inside your home directory, in the `sfdx-workshop` folder.
4. Click the **Open** button to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-open-sfdx-project-folder-in-vscode.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After openting your SFDX project folder, VS Code should now look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-just-opened-new-sfdx-project-in-vscode.png" alt="" caption="" %}