---
title: "Open the VS Code Integrated Terminal"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/open-vs-code-integrated-terminal/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-10-23
toc: false
classes: wide
---

Short paragraph of what will be covered on this page.  Try to keep this to no more than two or three sentences. Close things out with a sentence that leads into the unordered list that follows.

* Use the VS Code command pallete to execute `View: Toggle Panel`
* Test the VS Code integrated terminal by using a simple shell command


## Use the VS Code command pallete to execute `View: Toggle Panel`
One or two sentences that give a simple overview of what the student is being asked to do.

1. Something about callout number one
2. Something about callout number two

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-use-command-pallete-to-toggle-panel.png" alt="Alt TBA" caption="Caption TBA" %}


## Test the VS Code integrated terminal by using a simple shell command
One or two sentences that give a simple overview of what the student is being asked to do.

**Execute this command inside the VS Code integrated terminal:**
```bash
ls -l
```
**Follow these instructions when executing the above command:**

1. Click on the TERMINAL tab in the VS Code developer panel.
2. Inside of the terminal window, type the `ls -l` command and hit ENTER.
3. The output of the command should look very similar to what you saw previously when you ran the `ls -l` command in your system's terminal application window.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-test-integrated-terminal-with-simple-shell-command.png" alt="Alt TBA" caption="Caption TBA" %}