---
title: "Customize the Scratch Org Definition File"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/customize-scratch-org-definition-file/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

If you imagine your Dev Hub as a chef who knows how to "cook" Salesforce orgs, then you could think of **Scratch Org Definition Files** as recipes that tell the chef exactly what to cook.

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Open the default scratch org definition file (`project-scratch-def.json`)
* Customize the contents of the scratch org definition file
* Review the customizations made to `project-scratch-def.json`


## Open the default scratch org definition file (`project-scratch-def.json`)
Let's start by opening up the scratch org definition file that was created by default with your Salesforce DX project.

1. In the VS Code file explorer, open the `config` folder and click on the `project-scratch-def.json` file.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-open-project-scratch-def-json.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Customize the contents of the scratch org definition file
The default scratch org definition file is missing a few things that most ISV partners will want to have.  Let's customize it by copy/pasting the example below into the file in VS Code.

**Replace the contents of `project-scratch-def.json` by copy/pasting the following:**
```json
{
    "orgName": "AppX Package Development Org",
    "edition": "Developer",
    "features": ["MaxApexCodeSize:10"],
    "settings" : {
        "orgPreferenceSettings": {
            "s1EncryptedStoragePref2": false
        },
        "securitySettings": {
            "sessionSettings": {
                "sessionTimeout": "TwelveHours"
            }
        }
    }
}
```


## Review the customizations made to `project-scratch-def.json`
Here's what the different items in the scratch org definition file do.

1. `orgName`: Sets the name of any scratch orgs created with this definition. 
2. `edition`: Determines the starting template.  Scratch orgs created from PBO Dev Hubs can use special **partner edition** scratch orgs (eg. `Partner Developer` and `Partner Enterprise`).
3. `features`: Sets org features, and in some cases allows the setting of "features with values" that may allow special behavior, like increasing the Maximum Apex Code Size limit.
4. `s1EncryptedStoragePref2`: Disables caching of Lightning components, something **very** useful to Lightning developers.
5. `sessionTimeout`: Set a session timeout that's longer than 2 hours to make it easier to leave an org in the morning and come back to work on it in the afternoon.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U03_vscode-review-sratch-def-json-customizations.png" alt="" caption="" %}


