---
title: "Create Metadata for Your Package"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/create-sample-metadata/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Create a new custom object named "Travel Expense"
* Add a custom field named "Amount" to the "Travel Expense" object

## Create a new custom object named "Travel Expense"
These steps should be carried out inside of your Packaging Org.

**Step 1 of 2: Use the Object Manager to create a custom object**

1. Open Setup, then click on the **Object Manager** tab.
2. Click the **Create** drop down button.
3. Click the **Custom Object** menu item.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-use-object-manager-to-create-custom-object.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 2: Define a custom object named "Travel Expense"**

On the **New Custom Object** screen...

1. Enter `Travel Expense` as the Label, and `Travel Expenses` as the Plural Label.
2. Make sure the Object Name is set to `Travel_Expense`.
3. Make sure the Record Name is set to `Travel Expense Name` and the Data Type is `Text`.
4. Click **Save** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-define-travel-expenses-custom-object.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After saving your custom object, your screen should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-screen-after-saving-custom-object.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Add a custom field named "Amount" to the "Travel Expense" object
Starting from the Object Manager page for the **Travel Expense** object, execute the following steps.

**Step 1 of 5: Use the Object Manager to create a new field**

1. Make sure you're on the **Travel Expense** object.
2. Click on **Fields & Relationships**.
3. Click on the **New** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-new-field-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 5: Choose the field type**

1. Choose the `Currency` data type.
2. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-new-field-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 5: Enter the details for this field**

1. Set the Field Label to `Amount`.
2. Set the Length to `16`.
3. Set the Decimal Places to `2`.
4. Make sure the Field Name is set to `Amount`.
5. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-new-field-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 4 of 5: Establish field level security**

1. Accept the default values for **Visible**.
2. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-new-field-04.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 5 of 5: Add to page layouts**

1. Make sure that the checkbox for **Add Field** next to **Travel Expense Layout** is checked.
2. Click **Save** to finish.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-new-field-05.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After saving your custom field, your screen should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-new-field-06.png" alt="" caption="" %}
