---
title: "Add Metadata Components to Your Package"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/add-metadata-components-to-your-package/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Open the settings page for your managed package
* Add metadata components to your managed package


## Open the settings page for your managed package

While still inside your packaging org, do the following.

1. Open **Setup** and click on the **Home** tab.
2. Type "package" into the Quick Find search box.
3. Click on the **Package Manager** setup item.
4. Make sure that your packaging org has a **Managed Package** and **Namespace Prefix** listed here.  Make note of both of these values as you will need to use them later.
5. Click on your managed package to open up it's setup page.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-open-managed-package-setup.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Add metadata components to your managed package

**Step 1 of 2: Open the "Add to Package" page for your managed package**

1. Make sure you're on the setup page for your managed package.
2. Click on the **Components** tab.
3. Click on the **Add** button

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-metadata-component-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 2: Add the "Travel Expense" custom object component to your package**

1. In the **Component Type** dropdown, select `Custom Object`.
2. Check the box next to `Travel Expense`.
3. Click the **Add to Package** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-metadata-component-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After adding the "Travel Expense" custom object component, your screen should look something like this:**

1. Make sure you have three metadata components.  The **Travel Expenses** custom object, the **Amount** custom field, and the **Travel Expenses Layout** page layout.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-add-metadata-component-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}
