---
title: "Upload Your Managed Package"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/upload-your-package/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

In order to get the most out of some of the exercises that come later in this workbook, you will need to upload a **Managed Release** version of your (very) simple managed package.

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Open the "Upload Package" screen
* Define package version details and upload your package
* Wait for your package upload to complete successfully
* Verify the settings and content of your managed package

## Open the "Upload Package" screen

1. Make sure you're on the setup page for your managed package (eg. **My Managed Package** in our examples).
2. Click the **Upload** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-open-package-upload-screen.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Define package version details and upload your package
On the **Upload Package** screen, take the following steps.

1. Set Version Name to `Winter 2019`.
2. Set Version Number to `1.0`.
3. Set Release Type to **Managed - Released**.
4. Keep the defaults for Release Notes and Post Install Instructions (None and None)
5. Click the **Upload** button.
6. On the confirmation dialog that follows, click **OK**.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-define-package-upload-details-with-confirm-dialog.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Wait for your upload to complete successfully

**While your package is uploading, your screen should look something like this:**

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-package-upload-in-progress.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Once your package upload is complete, your screen should look something like this:**

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-package-upload-complete.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Verify the settings and content of your managed package

1. Name of your package (make a note of this!)
2. Package Namespace (make a note of this!)
3. Confirm that it's a managed package.
4. Confirm that you have the three metadata components shown.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U04_pkgorg-validate-package-content-and-settings.png" alt="" caption="" %}

