---
title: "Unpack the Retrieved Zip File"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/unpack-retrieved-zip-file/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

The `force:mdapi:retrieve` operation left us with a Zip file containing the metadata from our managed package.  We need to unzip that file before we can do anything with it.

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Use the CLI to unpack the retrieved zip file (MacOS/Linux Only)
* Alternatively, use an external program to unpack the retrieved zip file (MacOS/Linux/Windows)

## Use the CLI to unpack the retrieved zip file (MacOS/Linux Only)
Developers running MacOS and Linux have access to command line tools that make it very easy to unpack a Zip file.

**On MacOS or Linux, execute this command:**
```bash
unzip ./mdapi-source/unpackaged.zip -d ./mdapi-source/original-package
```

**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U05_vscode-cli-unzip-results.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Alternatively, use an external program to unpack the retrieved zip file (MacOS/Linux/Windows)
If you don't want to use (or don't have) the `unzip` command line tool, you can open your system's file browser app at the location of the `unpackaged.zip` file, allowing you to use the unzip/unpack tool you that are used to using.

1. Make sure you've already performed the `force:mdapi:retrieve` command.
2. In the File Explorer, right-click on `unpackaged.zip`.
3. Click the **Reveal in Finder** (Mac) or **Reveal in Explorer** (Windows) menu option.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U05_vscode-reveal-zip-file-in-finder.png" alt="" caption="" %}

Once you've found your file outside of VS Code, you can use whatever application you normally do for unzipping/unpacking Zip files.

**Critical:** If you unpack your Zip file without using the command provided above, you **MUST** make sure that the contents are placed in a folder named `original-package`, inside of the `mdapi-source` directory in your `my-managed-package` project.
{: .notice--danger}
