---
title: "Examine the Converted SFDX Source Files"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/examine-converted-sfdx-source/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

Now that you've converted your Metadata API source to SFDX Source, let's take a look at some of the differences between the two formats.

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Examine the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` file from the converted SFDX source
* Compare the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` and `Travel_Expense__c.object` files to observe how "source decomposition" makes SFDX and MDAPI source different

## Examine the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` file from the converted SFDX source
One of the most striking differences between MDAPI and SFDX formats is the use of **source decomposition**.  For example, custom fields on objects are broken out into their own files, rather than being part of a monolithic `.object` file.  

You can see this in action by...

1. Open the `force-app/main/default/` directory in the VS Code Explorer.
2. Click on the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` file.
3. Examine the focused nature of the metadata in the `.field-meta.xml` file.  It only has settings that are relevant to that field, making it easy to separate changes to this field from changes to the entire **Travel Expense** object.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U05_vscode-examine-converted-sfdx-source.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Compare the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` and `Travel_Expense__c.object` files to observe how "source decomposition" makes SFDX and MDAPI source different

Use VS Code's two column editor layout to look at these files side-by-side.

1. Open the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` file.
2. Open the `Travel_Expense__c.object` file.
3. Move the editor tab for the `Travel_Expense__c.object` over to the right of the VS Code window until it wants to "snap" into the two-column display
4. Observe how the limited set of metadata in the `Amount__c.field-meta.xml` file is just a small part of the much larger `Travel_Expense__c.object` file.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U05_vscode-compare-sfdx-and-mdapi-source.png" alt="" caption="" %}
