---
title: "Create a Namespaced Scratch Org"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/create-a-namespaced-scratch-org/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Add your Packaging Org's namespace to `sfdx-project.json`
* Use the CLI to create a namespaced scratch org
* Forget to link your namespace to your Dev Hub? You might see this error...

## Add your Packaging Org's namespace to `sfdx-project.json`
**Namespaced Scratch Orgs** are one of the key benefits for ISVs building managed packages on Salesforce DX.  Creating a namespaced scratch org requires us to update your project's `sfdx-project.json` file.

**Replace the contents of `sfdx-project.json` by copy/pasting the following:**

**Important:** Make sure to use YOUR packaging org's namespace in place of `YOUR_NS_HERE`
{: .notice--warning}

```json
{
  "packageDirectories": [
    {
      "path": "force-app",
      "default": true
    }
  ],
  "namespace": "YOUR_NS_HERE",
  "sfdcLoginUrl": "https://login.salesforce.com",
  "sourceApiVersion": "44.0"
}
```

**After modifying `sfdx-project.json`, VS Code should look something like this:**

1. In the VS Code Explorer, click on the `sfdx-project.json` file.
2. Your updated version of `sfdx-project.json` should be set with the namespace of your packaging org.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_vscode-modify-sfdx-project-json.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Use the CLI to create a namespaced scratch org
Namespaced scratch orgs are created with the same `force:org:create` command that you've used before.  The difference now is that your `sfdx-project.json` file has a namespace specified in it.

**Execute this command:**
```bash
sfdx force:org:create -a PkgScratch -s -f config/project-scratch-def.json
```

| Salesforce DX Command / Flags   | Description                                             |
| --------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------|
| `force:org:create`              | Creates a scratch org using values specified in a configuration file |
| `-a (setalias)`                 | Sets an alias for for the created scratch org.          |
| `-s (setdefaultusername)`       | Sets the created org as the default username.           |
| `-f (definitionfile)`           | Path to a scratch org definition file.                  |

**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_vscode-create-scratch-org-cli-result.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Did you forget to link your namespace to your Dev Hub? If so, you might see this error...
If you get this error, it means that you did not link your packaging org's namespace to the Dev Hub you used to try to create the namespaced scratch org with.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_vscode-namespace-scratch-org-creation-error.png" alt="" caption="" %}
