---
title: "Make Declarative Changes in Your Scratch Org"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/make-declarative-changes-in-scratch-org/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Use Object Manager to open the "Travel Expense" custom object
* Add a field named "Approved" to the "Travel Expense" custom object
* Try to view the "Travel Expense" custom object (spoiler alert: you can't)
* Create a Custom Object Tab for "Travel Expense"
* Create a "Travel Expenses" Lightning App


## Use Object Manager to open the "Travel Expense" custom object

1. In your scratch org, inside of **Setup**, click on the **Object Manager** tab.
2. Search for "travel" in the Quick Find box, then click on the **Travel Expense** object link.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-open-travel-expense-object.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Add a custom field named "Approved" to the "Travel Expense" custom object

**Step 1 of 5: Use the Object Manager to create a new field**

1. Make sure you're in the Object Manager page for Travel Expense.
2. Click on the **Fields & Relationships** menu item.
3. Click on the **New** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-add-new-field-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 5: Choose the field type**

1. Select the **Checkbox** Data Type.
2. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-add-new-field-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 5: Enter the details for this field**

1. Set the Field Label to `Approved`.
2. Set the Default Value to `Unchecked`.
3. Make sure the Full Name is set to `Approved`.
4. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-add-new-field-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 4 of 5: Establish field level security**

1. Check, then un-check **Visible** to make sure that it's left unchecked on all profiles.
2. Check, then un-check **Read-Only** to make sure that it's left unchecked on all profiles.
3. Click the **Next** button to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-add-new-field-04.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 5 of 5: Add to page layouts**

1. Make sure that this field is added to the **Travel Expense Layout**
2. Click **Save** to finish creating this field.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-add-new-field-05.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After saving your custom field, your screen should look something like this:**

1. Note that the previous field and your new field *both* have a namespace prefix, even though you're not developing in a packaging org.  This is the power of Namespaced scratch orgs!

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-add-new-field-06.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Try to view the "Travel Expense" custom object (spoiler alert: you can't)

1. Open the App Launcher.
2. Search for an app item or object named `Travel Expense`
3. You don't see anything because there isn't a custom tab for this object yet. We'll fix that next.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-empty-app-launcher.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Create a Custom Object Tab for "Travel Expense"
In order for users to interact with the Travel Expense object you'll need to create an **object tab** for it.

**Step 1 of 4: Create a new Custom Object Tab**

1. In Setup, click the **Home** tab.
2. Type "tabs" into the Quick Find box.
3. Click on the **Tabs** menu item.
4. Click the **New** button in the **Custom Object Tabs** section.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-object-tab-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 4: Define the details of your Custom Object Tab**

1. Select the **Travel Expense** custom object.
2. Select the "Credit Card" tab style.
3. Keep **Splash Page Custom Link** set to "None" and add a Description.
4. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-object-tab-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 4: Specifiy the app visibility for this tab ("Tab Hidden" for all)**

1. Make sure that tab visibility is set to "Tab Hidden" for all profiles.
2. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-object-tab-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 4 of 4: Add the tab to Custom Apps**

1. Uncheck all boxes here (you'll be assigning the app via a permission set in an upcoming exercise)
2. Click **Save** to finish creating the Custom Tab.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-object-tab-04.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After saving your custom object tab, your screen should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-object-tab-05.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Create a "Travel Expenses" Lightning App

**Step 1 of 6: Create a New Lightning App**

1. In **Setup**, click the **Home** tab.
2. Type "app man" in the Quick Find box.
3. Click on the "App Manager" menu item.
4. Click the **New Lightning App** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-lightning-app-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 6: Specify App Details and Branding**

1. Set the App Name to `Travel Expenses`.
2. Set the Developer Name to `Travel_Expenses`.
3. Click the **Next** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-lightning-app-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 6: Set the Navigation and Personalization options**

1. Use the **Standard Navigation** setting.
2. Use **Setup (full set of Setup options)**.
3. Click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-lightning-app-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 4 of 6: Specify options for Utility Items**

1. Don't set anything here.  Just click **Next** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-lightning-app-04.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 5 of 6: Specify the Navigation Items**

1. On the list of **Available Items**, enter "travel" in the search box.
2. Highlight the **Travel Expenses** item and move it from left to right by clicking the right-facing arrow.  It should END up in the position highlighed by the screen shot.
3. Click the **Next** button to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-lightning-app-05.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 6 of 6: Specify User Profiles that can access this app**

1. Make sure that no profiles are selected.
2. Click **Save & Finish** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-lightning-app-06.png" alt="" caption="" %}


