---
title: "Create a Permission Set for Your App"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/create-permission-set-for-your-app/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Create a "Travel Expenses User" permission set
* Set object and application perms on the "Travel Expenses User" permission set
* Assign the "Travel Expenses User" permission set to the admin user

## Create a "Travel Expenses User" permission set

**Step 1 of 2: Use Setup to create a new permission set**

1. From **Setup**, click the **Home** tab.
2. Type "perm" into the Quick Find search box.
3. Click the **Permission Sets** menu item.
4. Click the **New** button at the top of the list of Permission Sets.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-permission-set-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 2: Enter permission set information**

1. Set the Label to `Travel Expenses User`.
2. Set the API Name to `Travel_Expenses_User`. 
3. Set the License to **Salesforce**.
4. Click **Save** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-create-permission-set-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Set object and application perms on the "Travel Expenses User" permission set

**Step 1 of 6: Open object settings page for "Travel Expenses"**

1. Make sure you're onside of the setup page for the **Travel Expenses User** permission set.
2. Type "travel" into the search box.
3. Click the **Travel Expenses** menu item.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-set-permset-perms-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 6: Edit object settings for "Travel Expenses**

1. Make sure you're in the **Travel Expenses** object settings.
2. Click the **Edit** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-set-permset-perms-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 6: Specify tab settings, object permissions, and field permissions for "Travel Expenses"**

1. Make sure that Tab Settings **Available** and **Visible** are set.
2. Make sure all Object Perms are set, except "Modify All".
3. Check all possible Field Permissions.
4. Click **Save** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-set-permset-perms-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 4 of 6: Open the "Assigned Apps" settings page**

1. Type "app" into the search box.
2. Click the **Assigned Apps** menu item.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-set-permset-perms-04.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 5 of 6: Edit the "Assigned Apps" settings**

1. Make sure you're in the **Assigned Apps** setup page.
2. Click the **Edit** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-set-permset-perms-05.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 6 of 6: Specify your "Travel Expenses" app as an "Enabled App"**

1. Find the **Travel Expenses app in the list of Available apps and move it over to Enabled Apps.
2. Click **Save** to continue.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-set-permset-perms-06.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Assign the "Travel Expenses User" permission set to the admin user

**Step 1 of 4: Click the "Manage Assignments" button on the "Travel Expenses User" permission set**

1. Click on the **Manage Assignments** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-assign-permset-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 4: Click the "Add Assignments" button**

1. Click the **Add Assignments** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-assign-permset-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 4: Mark the Admin User (UUser) for assignment of this permission set**

1. Check the box next to the "User, User" user (that's your admin user in this scratch org).
2. Click the **Assign** button.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-assign-permset-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After assigning the permission set, your screen should look something like this:**

1. Make sure the permset was assigned with a message of **Success**.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_scratch-assign-permset-04.png" alt="" caption="" %}
