---
title: "Pull Declarative Changes From Your Scratch Org"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/pull-changes-from-scratch-org/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Run `force:source:pull` using the integrated terminal in VS Code
* If `force:source:pull` gives an error, use this workaround
* Examine the results of a successful `force:source:pull`

## Run `force:source:pull` using the integrated terminal in VS Code
Now that you've done development work in your scratch org, it's time to pull those changes back into your local Salesforce DX project.  That's what `force:source:pull` is for.

**Execute this command:**
```bash
sfdx force:source:pull 
```

| Salesforce DX Command / Flags   | Description                                             |
| --------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------|
| `force:source:pull`             | Pulls changed source from the scratch org to your project to keep them in sync. |

**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**

**Important:** If you get an error running `force:source:pull` it's likely due to a bug in Winter'19 scratch orgs.  Please see the next set of instructions for a workaround.
{: .notice--warning}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_vscode-cli-source-pull-successful.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## If `force:source:pull` gives an error, use this workaround
The Winter '19 release has seen a lot of odd (and painful) bugs.  If you got an error when you executed `force:source:pull`, this workaround should be able to help get you running again.

1. If you see this error, you will need to add a line to your project's `.forceignore`.
2. Click on the `.forceignore` file in the VS Code Explorer.
3. Add `AppSwitcher.appMenu` to the `.forceignore` file, directly below the entry for `package.xml`.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_vscode-forceignore-fix-for-source-pull-error.png" alt="" caption="" %}

## Examine the results of a successful `force:source:pull`
If your `force:source:pull` command was successful, you'll have a number of new files in your project.  Here's a tour of what came down from your scratch org.

1. The custom Lightning App that you created.
2. The flexipage that is used for the Travel Expense record home.
3. The new **Approved** custom field.
4. The new Permission Set you created.
5. A bunch of profiles that came unintentionally (we'll have to deal with them in a minute)
6. The custom **Travel Expenses** tab.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U06_vscode-examine-results-of-source-pull.png" alt="" caption="" %}
