---
title: "Use the CLI to Upload a \"Managed Beta\" Version of Your Package"
permalink: /sfdx-managed-packages/upload-managed-beta-package-version/
excerpt: "Excerpt TBA"
last_modified_at: 2018-11-01
toc: false
classes: wide
---

**In this exercise, you will...**

* Use `force:package1:version:list` to see a list of Package Versions associated with your packaging org
* Prepare to use the `force:package1:version:create` command
* Use `force:package1:version:create` to upload a "Managed Beta" version of your package
* View the newly uploaded Package Version in your packaging org

## Use `force:package1:version:list` to see a list of Package Versions associated with your packaging org

**Execute this command:**
```bash
sfdx force:package1:version:list -u PkgOrg
```

| Salesforce DX Command / Flags   | Description                                             |
| --------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------|
| `force:package1:version:list`   | Lists the versions for the specified package or all first-generation packages in the org. |
| `-u (--targetusername)`         | A username or alias for the target org. Overrides the default target org. |

**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_vscode-cli-package-version-list-results.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Prepare to use the `force:package1:version:create` command
It can be a bit tricky to get the `force:package1:version:create` command right, so here is an alternative way of setting up the command that might be helpful.

**Step 1 of 4: Create a new untitled file in VS Code**

1. Press **command+shift+P** (MacOS) or **CTRL+SHIFT+P** (Windows) to open the VS Code command pallete.
2. In the search box, type "new unt".
3. Click the **File: New Untitled File** command.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_vscode-create-new-untitled-file.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 4: Copy this command to your clipboard**
```bash
sfdx force:package1:version:create \
    -i YOUR_033_METADATAPACKAGE_ID \
    -n "Winter 2019" \
    -v "1.1" \
    -d "Managed beta release. Uploaded via the CLI" \
    -u PkgOrg \
    -w 15
```

| Salesforce DX Command / Flags   | Description                                             |
| --------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------|
| `force:package1:version:create` | Creates a first-generation package version in the release org. |
| `-i (--packageid)`              | ID of the metadata package (starts with 033) of which you’re creating a new version. |
| `-n (--name)`                   | Package version name.                                   |
| `-v (--version)`                | Package version in major.minor format, for example, 3.2.|
| `-d (--description)`            | Package version description.                            |
| `-u (--targetusername)`         | A username or alias for the target org. Overrides the default target org. |
| `-w (--wait)`                   | Minutes to wait for the package version to be created. The default is 2 minutes. |

**Step 3 of 4: Paste the command into your new untitled file**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_vscode-pasted-package-version-command.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 4 of 4: Copy the Metadata Package ID from the terminal and paste it into your command**

1. Copy the **Metadata Package ID** from the result of the `force:package1:version:list` command.
2. Paste it as the value for the `-i` flag in the command you're building.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_vscode-copy-paste-your-metadata-package-id.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## Use `force:package1:version:create` to upload a "Managed Beta" version of your package

**Copy your entire command and paste it in the terminal**

1. Copy from the untitled text document.
2. Paste into the terminal.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_vscode-copy-paste-final-version-create-command.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**After executing the above, your terminal should look something like this:**
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_vscode-package-version-upload-success.png" alt="" caption="" %}


## View the newly uploaded Package Version in your packaging org

**Step 1 of 3: Open the "Versions" tab inside the "My Managed Package" setup detail page**

1. Make sure you're on the Package Setup page for your managed package.
2. Click on the **Versions** tab.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_pkgorg-verify-package-upload-01.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 2 of 3: Open the "1.1 (Beta 1)" Package Version detail page**

1. Click on the **1.1 (Beta 1)** package version.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_pkgorg-verify-package-upload-02.png" alt="" caption="" %}

**Step 3 of 3: View details of the Package Version that was uploaded from the CLI**

1. Observe that this Managed Beta package has all of the things you set from the CLI (version name, version number, and description).

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/W01_U07_pkgorg-verify-package-upload-03.png" alt="" caption="" %}

